
/*!
\mainpage XLW (Excel32 C++ Wrapper)

\author <a href=mailto:xlw@ifrance.com>J&eacute;r&ocirc;me Lecomte</a>(\ref copyright)

Have you ever programmed an algorithm in C or C++ you needed to test on a
large number of values? Did you ever want to quickly calibrate the arguments
of your estimation? Did you ever wish you could graph your output in no time
and integrate your work in a word document with even less effort?  If you do
(or did), you might be interested in the XLW package.

The XLW package wraps the C API described in \ref XLSDK97 in a few classes
that make API programming with Excel much, much simpler.  This simple (a few
lines of code as demonstrated in the \ref gettingstarted section), yet
powerful interface will empower your C or C++ numerics by embeding them in
Excel (just like the built in functions); and let you benefit from its
powerful functionality, including graphs, solvers, or integration with the
rest of the Microsoft office suite.  These classes are thoroughly documented
and \ref download "downloadable" free of charge as long as you retain the \ref
copyright "copyright notice".

The XLW development is hosted on SourceForge at
http://xlw.sf.net
Early versions of this package have been used for years and tested under
Windows 9X/NT with Visual C++ 6.0 and Excel 97 \ref sr1 "SR-1 & SR-2" with
minor problems (see \ref knownbugs) The package is not perfect but certainly
has reached a stage where it can be useful. If you have any comment, you can
email to xlw-users@list.sourceforge.net Suggestions, improvements and critics
to the software and/or the documentation are heartily welcome.

\htmlonly
If you are interested in knowing more about the C++ wrapper, you can browse
the the documentation by clicking on <a href="pages.html">Related Pages</a>.
\endhtmlonly

*/

